DOC-852: New iframe_aria_text setting (#2033)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes59.md

  - `mceEmoticons` opens the Emoticons dialog.
  - `mceWordCount` displays the Word Count summary dialog.
  - `mceTemplate` shows the Template dialog.

> - New `iframe_aria_text` option to allow setting the editor iframe title attribute

Reviewer: This should link to the new setting. It also needs a fullstop at the end of the sentence.

> - New [`iframe_aria_text`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/accessibility/#iframe_aria_text) option to allow setting the editor iframe title attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A new `iframe_aria_text` option for customizing the `title` attribute on the editor iframe. For details, see: [Accessibility options - `iframe_aria_text`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/accessibility/#iframe_aria_text).
```

Reviewer 2: Ensure links are at the end of sentences where possible for readability and accessibility. https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/configure/contributing-docs/#linksandcross-references
